- `kanuka secrets init` doesn't ask user for email for the first time if there isn't an email already. Potential fix is there should be a `kanuka config init` command which handles all the prompting for the user's information, and `kanuka secrets init` calls this command when it finds that the user doesn't have a config file or has missing values in the config file. This can also extend to things such as device name (with defaults).
- `kanuka secrets init` doesn't ask the user for the project name for the first time. Prompt to ask the user for a project name with the clear defaults in brackets, and a --name flag for scripts.
- `kanuka secrets init` creates the correct pub/priv key pair, but it doesn't create the entry in the corresponding XDG_CONFIG user kanuka toml.
- `kanuka config rename-device` updates the device in the project settings, but doesn't update the user settings.
- There are no easy ways for the user to know what their config stuff are set to. It would be good on `kanuka config init` for it to ask for email. Food for thought. In the future I would like to have a git log style tracking of who changed what. Is it worth also asking for the person's name now?
- It would be cleaner if instead of `~/.local/share/kanuka/keys/{assortment of keys}.pub`, it was `~/.local/share/kanuka/keys/1432ace8-09f8-4913-9ca7-4940286016ce/privkey` and `~/.local/share/kanuka/keys/1432ace8-09f8-4913-9ca7-4940286016ce/pubkey.pub` or something along those lines. I wonder if it would be good if we even had a small metadata file in there saying what project that uuid corresponded to and the number of people in it etc, in case we ever want to do like a `kanuka list` or something similar.
- There is missing documentation on `kanuka config` commands, how they work, and their concepts. There also needs to be another page explaining the new toml files and how they work together (user config and project config).
- `kanuka secrets register` doesn't list out the paths of the files created, only the name. We should consider listing out the full path for clarity and consistency with encryption.
- Encryption output is non-deterministic. There is a diff when we run encrypt again on the exact same .env file. Admittedly I don't know how much of an issue this is, but it would be good to not have a diff when we encrypt something that is exactly the same.
